# Cosmos Hub Governance Working Group
## December 2020 Topic Call
[Discuss in forum](https://forum.cosmos.network/t/gwg-community-calls-updates/3238/12) and [Telegram channel](https://t.me/hubgov)

Date: Tu Dec 15, 2020 - [Add to calendar!](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MTU3amd1OXY3bmhrOTR2aGJlcXQzb251MWwgZmlnbWVudC5jYXBpdGFsX29iYnZqMnVsNWI3MGFyNTg4amY4dnUxanFrQGc&tmsrc=figment.capital_obbvj2ul5b70ar588jf8vu1jqk%40group.calendar.google.com)

Time: 17:00 UTC

Duration: 55 minutes

Host: Gavin Birch ([Figment](https://figment.io))

Audio recording to be posted

## Prior to the meeting
1. [Join us!](http://bit.ly/2sukvxa) Please share any contact information that you feel comfortable sharing.
2. Please indicate [your primary governance interests here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jdSwln5L7KLvEkkM91GhlblniSynmAjMyAWSLONxTGQ/edit?usp=sharing).

## Agenda

#### 1. Introductions - member(s) of Regen and Sikka
#### 2. Updates
- GWG reboot
- governance work updates
  - updates planned for for [community-spend docs](https://github.com/gavinly/CosmosCommunitySpend) & [parameter-change docs](https://github.com/gavinly/CosmosParametersWiki)
  - Prop31 & Prop32

#### 3. Proposed Topic: How can community pool funds be more effectively distributed?
A number of entities are working on ways to improve the governance mechanism and practices, such the [CosmWasm team's subkeys.](https://docs.cosmwasm.com/cw-plus/cw1/subkeys.html#) Sikka is leading the way to improve the Hub in small, incremental ways, funded in smaller denominations from the community pool. Should the Hub get used to more frequent proposal activity, which can be enabled by subkeys? or should we use the Groups Module to budget a designated budget (eg. petty cash) for smaller expenses?

a) Short AMA w Sikka - Sikka has been approved and funded by Hub governance to implement split voting in Hub governance

b) Short AMA w Regen - Regen has been funded by the ICF to create the [Groups Module]

c) open discussion

#### 4. Future planning
- What single topics are current priorities for the next call?

## Notes

### 1. New attendees
x attendees in total

#### 2. GWG updates

#### 3. Topic call

#### 4. Future planning
